hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/api/HSAdminRefreshProtocol.java:35: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/api/HSAdminRefreshProtocol.java:41: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/api/HSAdminRefreshProtocol.java:48: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/api/HSAdminRefreshProtocol.java:55: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/api/MRClientProtocol.java:77: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/api/MRClientProtocol.java:87: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:364: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:365: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:376: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:379: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:404: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:405: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:512: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:513: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:678: warning: no @param for conf
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/FileNameIndexUtils.java:62: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/FileNameIndexUtils.java:131: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/FileNameIndexUtils.java:216: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/FileNameIndexUtils.java:255: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:181: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:192: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:320: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:334: warning: no @param for dir
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:334: warning: no @param for jobId
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:334: warning: no @param for attempt
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:334: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:341: warning: no @param for dir
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:341: warning: no @param for jobId
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:341: warning: no @param for attempt
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:341: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:383: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:384: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:394: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:410: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:411: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:412: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:430: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/jobhistory/JobHistoryUtils.java:607: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalJobRunner.java:973: warning: no @param for job
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalJobRunner.java:994: warning: no @param for job
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ShuffleHandler.java:424: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ShuffleHandler.java:436: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ShuffleHandler.java:451: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/JobEndNotifier.java:130: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/JobEndNotifier.java:201: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/MRAppMaster.java:601: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/MRAppMaster.java:613: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/MRAppMaster.java:764: warning: no @param for conf
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/MRAppMaster.java:764: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/MRAppMaster.java:785: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:119: warning: no @param for jid
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:119: warning: no @param for appCtx
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:119: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:149: warning: no @param for tid
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:149: warning: no @param for job
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:149: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:181: warning: no @param for attId
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:181: warning: no @param for task
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/webapp/AMWebServices.java:181: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/Task.java:45: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/Task.java:52: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/JobImpl.java:1114: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/jobhistory/JobHistoryEventHandler.java:513: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/jobhistory/JobHistoryEventHandler.java:514: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/jobhistory/JobHistoryEventHandler.java:587: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/jobhistory/JobHistoryEventHandler.java:588: warning: no @param for id
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalContainerLauncher.java:567: warning: no @param for conf
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalContainerLauncher.java:567: warning: no @param for mapId
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalContainerLauncher.java:567: warning: no @param for subMapOutputFile
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalContainerLauncher.java:567: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LocalContainerLauncher.java:567: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:64: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:77: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:99: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:113: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:139: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:153: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:167: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:181: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:195: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnOutputFiles.java:207: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryFileManager.java:905: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:65: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:75: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:85: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:96: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:103: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:110: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:117: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:119: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:130: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:144: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:156: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:168: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/HistoryServerStateStoreService.java:180: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/JobHistoryServer.java:186: warning: no description for @param
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/webapp/HsWebServices.java:438: warning: no @param for user
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/webapp/HsWebServices.java:438: warning: no @param for appIdStr
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/webapp/HsWebServices.java:438: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs-plugins/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/webapp/MapReduceTrackingUriPlugin.java:51: warning: no description for @throws
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/DataReceiver.java:36: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/DataReceiver.java:36: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/Platform.java:53: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/Platform.java:67: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/Platform.java:99: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/ICombineHandler.java:33: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/ICombineHandler.java:43: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:39: warning: no @param for conf
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:39: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:44: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:49: warning: no @param for command
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:49: warning: no @param for parameter
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:49: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/INativeHandler.java:49: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeDataTarget.java:35: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeDataTarget.java:40: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeDataTarget.java:45: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeDataSource.java:35: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeDataSource.java:40: warning: no @param for handler
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeDataSource.java:45: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:84: warning: no @param for clazz
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:84: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:96: warning: no @param for libraryName
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:96: warning: no @param for clazz
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:96: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:109: warning: no @param for addr
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:117: warning: no @param for reporter
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:117: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:156: warning: no @param for codec
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/NativeRuntime.java:156: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/serde/INativeSerializer.java:44: warning: no @param for w
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/serde/INativeSerializer.java:44: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/serde/INativeSerializer.java:44: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/serde/IKVSerializer.java:37: warning: no @param for key
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/serde/IKVSerializer.java:37: warning: no @param for value
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/serde/IKVSerializer.java:37: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/buffer/DataOutputStream.java:33: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/buffer/DataOutputStream.java:33: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/buffer/DataOutputStream.java:38: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/BytesUtil.java:37: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/BytesUtil.java:53: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:36: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:36: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:43: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:43: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:48: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:48: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:55: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:55: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:62: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:62: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:70: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:70: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:77: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:77: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:85: warning: no @param for spillNumber
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:85: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:85: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:92: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:92: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:100: warning: no @param for conf
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:100: warning: no @return
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:100: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/util/NativeTaskOutput.java:103: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/handlers/IDataLoader.java:34: warning: no @throws for java.io.IOException
