hadoop-common-project/hadoop-auth/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/authentication/server/AuthenticationFilter.java:631:20:[deprecation] setStatus(int,String) in HttpServletResponse has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-auth/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/authentication/client/KerberosAuthenticator.java:238:17:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-auth/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/authentication/server/TestAuthenticationFilter.java:660:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:26:15:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:27:15:SignalHandler is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/token/delegation/ZKDelegationTokenSecretManager.java:49:31:[deprecation] EnsurePath in org.apache.curator.utils has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/FastByteComparisons.java:27:15:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/nativeio/NativeIO.java:48:15:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:21:15:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:22:15:SignalHandler is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/Configuration.java:3457:50:[deprecation] HADOOP_SYSTEM_TAGS in CommonConfigurationKeysPublic has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/Configuration.java:3459:12:[deprecation] HADOOP_SYSTEM_TAGS in CommonConfigurationKeysPublic has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/Configuration.java:3463:50:[deprecation] HADOOP_CUSTOM_TAGS in CommonConfigurationKeysPublic has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/Configuration.java:3465:12:[deprecation] HADOOP_CUSTOM_TAGS in CommonConfigurationKeysPublic has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystem.java:3421:57:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:257:6:[deprecation] rename(Path,Path,Rename...) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:427:14:[deprecation] getDefaultBlockSize() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:428:13:[deprecation] getDefaultBlockSize() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:432:15:[deprecation] getDefaultReplication() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:433:13:[deprecation] getDefaultReplication() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:437:26:[deprecation] getServerDefaults() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:438:13:[deprecation] getServerDefaults() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:552:31:[deprecation] primitiveCreate(Path,FsPermission,EnumSet<CreateFlag>,int,short,long,Progressable,ChecksumOpt) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FilterFileSystem.java:557:13:[deprecation] primitiveCreate(Path,FsPermission,EnumSet<CreateFlag>,int,short,long,Progressable,ChecksumOpt) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/impl/StoreImplementationUtils.java:50:36:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/StringUtils.java:722:50:[deprecation] create(Log) in LogAdapter has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/ipc/RPC.java:219:36:[deprecation] WritableRpcEngine in org.apache.hadoop.ipc has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/Groups.java:184:17:[unchecked] unchecked call to LinkedHashSet(Collection<? extends E>) as a member of the raw type LinkedHashSet
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/functional/RemoteIterators.java:528:26:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/MD5Hash.java:144:18:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/MD5Hash.java:148:31:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:42:41:SignalHandler is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:71:10:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:92:19:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:93:6:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:113:4:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/service/launcher/IrqHandler.java:126:21:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/token/delegation/ZKDelegationTokenSecretManager.java:328:6:[deprecation] EnsurePath in org.apache.curator.utils has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/token/delegation/ZKDelegationTokenSecretManager.java:329:16:[deprecation] newNamespaceAwareEnsurePath(String) in CuratorFramework has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/KMSClientProvider.java:894:12:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/SequenceFile.java:1986:8:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/SequenceFile.java:1986:29:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/ShellBasedUnixGroupsMapping.java:100:11:[unchecked] unchecked call to ArrayList(Collection<? extends E>) as a member of the raw type ArrayList
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/InodeTree.java:702:27:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method add in interface List is applied to given types
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystem.java:965:15:[deprecation] getDefaultReplication() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystem.java:970:26:[deprecation] getServerDefaults() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystem.java:1394:21:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ArrayWritable.java:65:22:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/WritableName.java:42:25:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/JniBasedUnixGroupsMapping.java:87:25:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/FastByteComparisons.java:140:21:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/FastByteComparisons.java:145:28:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/nativeio/NativeIO.java:871:16:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/nativeio/NativeIO.java:873:6:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/nativeio/NativeIO.java:873:23:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:44:42:SignalHandler is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:46:18:SignalHandler is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:50:38:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:50:20:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:59:23:Signal is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/SignalLogger.java:72:23:[deprecation] create(Log) in LogAdapter has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:107:25:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:119:6:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:160:4:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:174:6:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:199:6:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:201:6:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:225:23:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:274:17:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:276:69:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/ObjectWritable.java:281:19:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/ssl/KeyStoreTestUtil.java:67:28:[deprecation] X509V1CertificateGenerator in org.bouncycastle.x509 has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestStatsDMetrics.java:40:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestGraphiteMetrics.java:73:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestGraphiteMetrics.java:105:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestGraphiteMetrics.java:132:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestGraphiteMetrics.java:172:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestGraphiteMetrics.java:202:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/ipc/TestIPC.java:885:32:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/ipc/TestIPC.java:886:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/ipc/TestIPC.java:1512:21:[deprecation] getTimeout(Configuration) in Client has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/file/tfile/TestTFileSeqFileComparison.java:268:24:[deprecation] createWriter(Configuration,FSDataOutputStream,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/file/tfile/TestTFileSeqFileComparison.java:273:24:[deprecation] createWriter(Configuration,FSDataOutputStream,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/file/tfile/TestTFileSeqFileComparison.java:300:15:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/contract/AbstractFSContractTestBase.java:397:10:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/test/LambdaTestUtils.java:504:17:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/authorize/TestProxyUsers.java:132:44:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocatedFileStatus.java:42:36:[deprecation] LocatedFileStatus(long,boolean,int,long,long,long,FsPermission,String,String,Path,Path,BlockLocation[]) in LocatedFileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocatedFileStatus.java:48:39:[deprecation] LocatedFileStatus(long,boolean,int,long,long,long,FsPermission,String,String,Path,Path,BlockLocation[]) in LocatedFileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/serializer/avro/TestAvroSerialization.java:36:10:[deprecation] intField in AvroRecord has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/authorize/TestAccessControlList.java:143:37:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/authorize/TestAccessControlList.java:146:45:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/compress/TestCodec.java:591:45:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/compress/TestCodec.java:606:33:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalDirAllocator.java:511:23:[deprecation] removeContext(String) in LocalDirAllocator has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/compress/lz4/TestLz4CompressorDecompressor.java:346:33:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/test/StatUtils.java:107:23:[unchecked] unchecked call to ArrayList(Collection<? extends E>) as a member of the raw type ArrayList
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:116:26:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:117:32:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:121:26:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:122:32:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:131:26:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:132:32:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:144:26:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:145:32:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:148:26:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:149:32:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:169:26:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:170:32:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:178:26:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:179:32:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestChRootedFileSystem.java:286:26:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystemContractBaseTest.java:188:18:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystemContractBaseTest.java:193:18:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystemContractBaseTest.java:198:42:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystemContractBaseTest.java:199:18:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystemContractBaseTest.java:203:18:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/FileSystemContractBaseTest.java:207:18:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestLdapGroupsMapping.java:300:15:[deprecation] getPassword(Configuration,String,String) in LdapGroupsMapping has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestLdapGroupsMapping.java:302:15:[deprecation] getPassword(Configuration,String,String) in LdapGroupsMapping has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestLdapGroupsMapping.java:307:35:[deprecation] getPassword(Configuration,String,String) in LdapGroupsMapping has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:266:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:268:16:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:281:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:283:16:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:297:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:299:16:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:305:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:307:16:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:323:14:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:325:16:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:330:14:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:332:16:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:357:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:359:16:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:368:14:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:370:16:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:472:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:833:14:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/ViewFileSystemBaseTest.java:835:16:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestViewfsFileStatus.java:92:10:[deprecation] write(DataOutput) in FileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestViewfsFileStatus.java:96:11:[deprecation] readFields(DataInput) in FileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCredentials.java:322:21:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestShellBasedUnixGroupsMapping.java:323:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/TestSequenceFile.java:741:49:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/TestSequenceFile.java:746:26:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/http/TestHttpServer.java:452:27:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/http/TestHttpServer.java:743:34:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/TestCryptoStreams.java:164:29:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/TestCryptoStreams.java:477:30:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/TestCryptoStreams.java:500:30:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:118:24:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:125:24:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:137:24:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:285:19:[deprecation] delete(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:286:45:[deprecation] delete(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:287:54:[deprecation] delete(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:293:38:[deprecation] getAllStatistics() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:653:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestLocalFileSystem.java:796:43:[deprecation] getAllStatistics() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupFallback.java:46:35:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupFallback.java:62:35:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupFallback.java:81:35:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupFallback.java:100:35:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/ipc/TestDecayRpcScheduler.java:483:69:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFileStatus.java:87:10:[deprecation] readFields(DataInput) in FileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:113:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:114:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:115:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:116:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:117:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:118:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:119:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:120:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:282:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:290:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:298:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestConfigurationDeprecation.java:331:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/TestLoadBalancingKMSClientProvider.java:946:26:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method addToken in class Credentials is applied to given types
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestTrash.java:1050:16:[deprecation] initialize(Configuration,FileSystem,Path) in TrashPolicy has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/log/TestLogLevel.java:83:20:[deprecation] setLogLevel(Logger,Level) in GenericTestUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/log/TestLogLevel.java:295:20:[deprecation] setLogLevel(Logger,Level) in GenericTestUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestUserGroupInformation.java:518:36:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestStatsDMetrics.java:72:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/impl/TestStatsDMetrics.java:107:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/metrics2/source/TestJvmMetrics.java:242:31:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFsShellReturnCode.java:401:22:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFilterFileSystem.java:283:6:[deprecation] rename(Path,Path,Rename...) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFilterFileSystem.java:284:18:[deprecation] rename(Path,Path,Rename...) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:232:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:236:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:241:18:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:252:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:273:36:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:282:23:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:289:23:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:310:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:320:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:331:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:343:48:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:359:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:363:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:381:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:390:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:414:34:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:447:10:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:459:34:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:495:10:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:508:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:516:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:534:10:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:546:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:564:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:581:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:591:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:598:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:616:10:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:627:23:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:636:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:645:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:669:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:679:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:692:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:739:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:746:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:760:10:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:766:10:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:781:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:793:29:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:818:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestGroupsCaching.java:831:12:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/util/TestWinUtils.java:569:32:[deprecation] readFileToString(File) in FileUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/ipc/TestFairCallQueue.java:270:17:[unchecked] unchecked generic array creation for varargs parameter of type FairCallQueue<Schedulable>[]
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/TestKMSClientProvider.java:79:18:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method addToken in class Credentials is applied to given types
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/conf/TestDeprecatedKeys.java:62:17:[deprecation] addDeprecation(String,String[]) in Configuration has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:188:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:189:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:197:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:200:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:201:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:211:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestCompositeGroupMapping.java:212:21:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestRegexMountPoint.java:103:73:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/TestSequenceFileSerialization.java:65:20:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-nfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/portmap/TestPortmap.java:34:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-nfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/portmap/TestPortmap.java:104:68:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/KMS.java:597:19:[unchecked] unchecked call to add(E) as a member of the raw type List
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMSAudit.java:33:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMS.java:51:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMSACLs.java:38:39:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMSAudit.java:66:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMSAudit.java:210:58:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMSAudit.java:222:31:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMS.java:121:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMS.java:950:25:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMS.java:953:16:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-kms/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/crypto/key/kms/server/TestKMS.java:953:41:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-registry/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/registry/client/types/Endpoint.java:162:25:[unchecked] Possible heap pollution from parameterized vararg type Map<String,String>
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-registry/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/registry/secure/AbstractSecureRegistryTest.java:117:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-registry/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/registry/AbstractZKRegistryTest.java:55:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-registry/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/registry/server/dns/TestReverseZoneUtils.java:33:62:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-registry/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/registry/client/impl/TestMicroZookeeperService.java:42:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-common-project/hadoop-registry/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/registry/client/binding/TestMarshalling.java:42:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:91:38:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/shortcircuit/ShortCircuitShm.java:40:15:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DFSUtilClient.java:1172:48:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsProtos.java:19388:94:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsProtos.java:36265:111:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsProtos.java:54234:111:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:1763:112:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlocksProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:2809:120:[deprecation] PARSER in FsServerDefaultsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:3584:107:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:3658:109:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:5583:106:[deprecation] PARSER in HdfsFileStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:7102:107:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:7115:108:[deprecation] PARSER in HdfsFileStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:11920:121:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockStoragePolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:12982:108:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockStoragePolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:13782:111:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:16367:104:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:17978:111:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:17992:102:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:19800:107:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:20562:106:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:20576:102:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:20585:102:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:22560:107:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:23249:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:24804:102:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:32434:107:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:32452:109:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:34788:113:[deprecation] PARSER in DirectoryListingProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:36243:113:[deprecation] PARSER in BatchedDirectoryListingProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:37616:139:[deprecation] PARSER in SnapshottableDirectoryListingProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:38832:117:[deprecation] PARSER in SnapshotListingProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:40392:118:[deprecation] PARSER in SnapshotDiffReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:41085:120:[deprecation] PARSER in SnapshotDiffReportCursorProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:42165:125:[deprecation] PARSER in SnapshotDiffReportListingProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:50153:102:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:51481:114:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:51495:103:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:61777:116:[deprecation] PARSER in RollingUpgradeStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:64043:114:[deprecation] PARSER in CorruptFileBlocksProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:66270:106:[deprecation] PARSER in HdfsFileStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:67566:106:[deprecation] PARSER in HdfsFileStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:85852:106:[deprecation] PARSER in HdfsFileStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:87068:111:[deprecation] PARSER in ContentSummaryProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:88287:105:[deprecation] PARSER in QuotaUsageProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:92847:108:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:95469:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:96256:107:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:96965:111:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:96978:111:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:96992:100:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeIDProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:100235:124:[deprecation] PARSER in DataEncryptionKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientNamenodeProtocolProtos.java:109285:113:[deprecation] PARSER in EventsListProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:495:102:[deprecation] PARSER in CipherOptionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:2667:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:2680:99:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:7728:102:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:7736:108:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:11019:102:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:12406:108:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:14270:130:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockChecksumOptionsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:15193:112:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfosProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:15207:94:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:15215:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:15254:130:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockChecksumOptionsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DataTransferProtos.java:28157:130:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockChecksumOptionsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:1675:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:4302:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:4942:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:5734:120:[deprecation] PARSER in AddErasureCodingPolicyResponseProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11115:122:[deprecation] PARSER in ECTopologyVerifierResultProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11825:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11838:116:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfosProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11851:116:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfosProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11864:120:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageUuidsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11877:120:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageTypesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ErasureCodingProtos.java:11895:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/shortcircuit/ShortCircuitShm.java:57:23:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/shortcircuit/ShortCircuitShm.java:59:17:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/shortcircuit/ShortCircuitShm.java:61:16:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/shortcircuit/ShortCircuitShm.java:63:14:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:818:23:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:1831:9:[deprecation] getAclBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:1834:9:[deprecation] getEncryptedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:1837:9:[deprecation] getErasureCodedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:1962:31:[deprecation] getStorageUuid() in StorageReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:2010:25:[deprecation] GET_STATS_UNDER_REPLICATED_IDX in ClientProtocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:2473:40:[deprecation] GET_STATS_UNDER_REPLICATED_IDX in ClientProtocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:2475:32:[deprecation] GET_STATS_UNDER_REPLICATED_IDX in ClientProtocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/PBHelperClient.java:2697:8:[deprecation] setStorageUuid(String) in Builder has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InotifyProtos.java:2098:106:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InotifyProtos.java:7078:106:[deprecation] PARSER in FsPermissionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InotifyProtos.java:7092:97:[deprecation] PARSER in AclEntryProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InotifyProtos.java:7101:96:[deprecation] PARSER in XAttrProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/HdfsFileStatus.java:498:21:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/HdfsFileStatus.java:500:14:[deprecation] getAclBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/HdfsFileStatus.java:501:14:[deprecation] getEncryptedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/HdfsFileStatus.java:502:14:[deprecation] getErasureCodedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/HdfsFileStatus.java:514:15:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DeadNodeDetector.java:396:63:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method submit in interface ExecutorService is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/WebHdfsFileSystem.java:1541:14:[deprecation] getDefaultBlockSize() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/WebHdfsFileSystem.java:1547:15:[deprecation] getDefaultReplication() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/WebHdfsFileSystem.java:2107:26:[deprecation] getServerDefaults() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DistributedFileSystem.java:209:14:[deprecation] getDefaultBlockSize() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DistributedFileSystem.java:214:15:[deprecation] getDefaultReplication() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DistributedFileSystem.java:624:33:[deprecation] primitiveCreate(Path,FsPermission,EnumSet<CreateFlag>,int,short,long,Progressable,ChecksumOpt) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DistributedFileSystem.java:1729:26:[deprecation] getServerDefaults() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/ViewDistributedFileSystem.java:488:44:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:3220:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:3233:99:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:4096:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:7235:116:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeLocalInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/ClientDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:8289:108:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeVolumeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/RequestHedgingProxyProvider.java:229:76:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestByteRangeInputStream.java:39:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestTokenAspect.java:56:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOpsCountStatistics.java:67:39:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOpsCountStatistics.java:69:62:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestUrlStreamHandlerFactory.java:45:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestByteRangeInputStream.java:148:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestByteRangeInputStream.java:222:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestByteRangeInputStream.java:266:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestByteRangeInputStream.java:279:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestConfiguredFailoverProxyProvider.java:85:62:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHdfsContentLength.java:63:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestTokenAspect.java:168:28:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestTokenAspect.java:210:18:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestTokenAspect.java:211:18:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestTokenAspect.java:266:15:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestTokenAspect.java:267:15:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/DatanodeHttpServer.java:20:25:[deprecation] ChannelFactory in io.netty.bootstrap has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/FSImageHandler.java:43:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/FSImageHandler.java:44:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/FSImageHandler.java:45:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/FSImageHandler.java:46:53:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:65:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:66:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:67:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:68:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:69:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:70:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:71:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:72:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:73:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:74:53:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:75:53:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DFSUtil.java:74:28:[deprecation] ProtobufRpcEngine in org.apache.hadoop.ipc has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/HostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:46:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/HostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:47:53:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/ExceptionHandler.java:36:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/ExceptionHandler.java:37:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/SimpleHttpProxyHandler.java:41:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/NameNodeConnector.java:50:46:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/RestCsrfPreventionFilterHandler.java:20:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/RestCsrfPreventionFilterHandler.java:21:53:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/HdfsWriter.java:33:53:[deprecation] Names in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/HdfsWriter.java:34:53:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InterDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:84:116:[deprecation] PARSER in RecoveringBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InterDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:781:100:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/InterDatanodeProtocolProtos.java:1711:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/DatanodeHttpServer.java:171:23:[deprecation] WRITE_BUFFER_HIGH_WATER_MARK in ChannelOption has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/DatanodeHttpServer.java:176:23:[deprecation] WRITE_BUFFER_LOW_WATER_MARK in ChannelOption has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/DatanodeHttpServer.java:184:38:[deprecation] ChannelFactory in io.netty.bootstrap has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/DatanodeHttpServer.java:184:18:[deprecation] channelFactory(ChannelFactory<? extends C>) in AbstractBootstrap has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:185:118:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:198:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ExportedBlockKeysProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:4708:95:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:4717:103:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeInfosProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:4726:102:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageUuidsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:4735:102:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageTypesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:7881:111:[deprecation] PARSER in RecoveringBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:9317:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ExportedBlockKeysProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:10391:124:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockECReconstructionInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:13574:103:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:16061:123:[deprecation] PARSER in NNHAStatusHeartbeatProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:16074:130:[deprecation] PARSER in RollingUpgradeStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:16087:132:[deprecation] PARSER in RollingUpgradeStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:20073:112:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeStorageProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:23418:100:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:24488:112:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeStorageProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:28906:102:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:30197:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ExtendedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/DatanodeProtocolProtos.java:30231:100:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeIDProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsServerProtos.java:2471:100:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsServerProtos.java:8265:107:[deprecation] PARSER in LocatedBlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsServerProtos.java:8278:108:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/HdfsServerProtos.java:8291:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/DatanodeProtocolClientSideTranslatorPB.java:260:16:[deprecation] setStorageUuid(String) in Builder has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockSender.java:505:35:[deprecation] getReplica(String,long) in FsDatasetSpi has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:125:35:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:126:63:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:147:38:[deprecation] getMethod() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:147:63:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:157:12:[deprecation] getStatus() in DefaultHttpResponse has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/webhdfs/WebHdfsHandler.java:163:27:[deprecation] getMethod() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/FSImageHandler.java:79:15:[deprecation] getMethod() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/FSImageHandler.java:87:63:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FsImageProto.java:6510:97:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FsImageProto.java:21587:97:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FsImageProto.java:28866:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ErasureCodingPolicyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ContentSummaryComputationContext.java:126:30:[deprecation] getReadHoldCount() in FSDirectory has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/BlockManager.java:1560:52:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ReencryptionHandler.java:245:24:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSPermissionChecker.java:299:16:[deprecation] checkPermission(String,String,UserGroupInformation,INodeAttributes[],INode[],byte[][],int,String,int,boolean,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,boolean) in AccessControlEnforcer has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSPermissionChecker.java:359:16:[deprecation] checkPermission(String,String,UserGroupInformation,INodeAttributes[],INode[],byte[][],int,String,int,boolean,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,boolean) in AccessControlEnforcer has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/DiffList.java:31:24:[unchecked] unchecked call to DiffListByArrayList(List<T>) as a member of the raw type DiffListByArrayList
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/EditLogProtos.java:1079:96:[deprecation] PARSER in XAttrProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSEditLogOp.java:2007:17:[deprecation] write(DataOutput) in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/InvalidateBlocks.java:133:24:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method put in interface Map is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSImage.java:1018:49:[deprecation] Saver in FSImageFormat has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/AliasMapProtocolProtos.java:91:98:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/AliasMapProtocolProtos.java:104:118:[deprecation] PARSER in ProvidedStorageLocationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/AliasMapProtocolProtos.java:1956:98:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/AliasMapProtocolProtos.java:2586:118:[deprecation] PARSER in ProvidedStorageLocationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/AliasMapProtocolProtos.java:3213:101:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/AliasMapProtocolProtos.java:3874:105:[deprecation] PARSER in BlockProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:146:108:[deprecation] PARSER in DatanodeIDProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:1150:121:[deprecation] PARSER in BlocksWithLocationsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:2259:117:[deprecation] PARSER in ExportedBlockKeysProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:4291:124:[deprecation] PARSER in CheckpointSignatureProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:5921:128:[deprecation] PARSER in NamenodeRegistrationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:7345:128:[deprecation] PARSER in NamenodeRegistrationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:8046:128:[deprecation] PARSER in NamenodeRegistrationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:8748:128:[deprecation] PARSER in NamenodeRegistrationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:9438:118:[deprecation] PARSER in NamenodeCommandProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:10107:128:[deprecation] PARSER in NamenodeRegistrationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:10120:124:[deprecation] PARSER in CheckpointSignatureProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/proto/NamenodeProtocolProtos.java:11973:125:[deprecation] PARSER in RemoteEditLogManifestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/DatanodeAdminManager.java:144:68:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method newInstance in class ReflectionUtils is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/protocol/QJournalProtocolProtos.java:15779:114:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/protocol/QJournalProtocolProtos.java:15792:118:[deprecation] PARSER in StorageInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/protocol/QJournalProtocolProtos.java:21733:115:[deprecation] PARSER in NamespaceInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/protocol/QJournalProtocolProtos.java:23249:115:[deprecation] PARSER in NamespaceInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/protocol/QJournalProtocolProtos.java:25900:125:[deprecation] PARSER in RemoteEditLogManifestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/HostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:200:27:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/HostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:208:22:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/HostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:216:65:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/HostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:224:16:[deprecation] getMethod() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/SimpleHttpProxyHandler.java:101:13:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/SimpleHttpProxyHandler.java:121:15:[deprecation] getMethod() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/SimpleHttpProxyHandler.java:121:32:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/SimpleHttpProxyHandler.java:123:43:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/SimpleHttpProxyHandler.java:128:41:[deprecation] Values in HttpHeaders has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/NameNodeConnector.java:410:30:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/NameNodeConnector.java:411:33:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/offlineImageViewer/PBImageXmlWriter.java:666:61:[deprecation] toExtendedShort() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/FSCachingGetSpaceUsed.java:74:38:[unchecked] unchecked call to getConstructor(Class<?>...) as a member of the raw type Class
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1046:25:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1054:14:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1056:25:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1061:56:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1063:35:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1064:36:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/AbstractFuture.java:1064:57:Unsafe is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/fsdataset/impl/ProvidedVolumeImpl.java:140:44:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/URLDispatcher.java:46:20:[deprecation] getUri() in HttpRequest has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/INodeReferenceValidation.java:149:33:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDelegationTokensWithHA.java:47:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/BlockManagerTestUtil.java:36:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DFSTestUtil.java:188:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDFSUpgradeWithHA.java:52:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestSequentialBlockGroupId.java:45:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSStripedOutputStream.java:41:46:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM.java:36:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDistributedFileSystem.java:122:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHDFS.java:137:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryption.java:62:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/security/TestDelegationTokenForProxyUser.java:52:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSAclBaseTest.java:46:38:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:31:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:30:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/TestKeyManager.java:26:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestSaveNamespace.java:68:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestFileWithSnapshotFeature.java:31:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestAddStripedBlockInFBR.java:35:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:65:30:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:34:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestDeleteRace.java:60:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestRenameWithSnapshots.java:43:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHDFSForHA.java:56:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestHASafeMode.java:69:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:31:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS.java:36:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestTruncateQuotaUpdate.java:30:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestReconstructStripedBlocksWithRackAwareness.java:37:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestUnderReplicatedBlocks.java:33:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestCommitBlockSynchronization.java:29:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestHostFileManager.java:25:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/NameNodeAdapter.java:59:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHdfsTokens.java:77:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestLeaseRecoveryStriped.java:36:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:42:46:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:60:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestComputeInvalidateWork.java:44:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFSNamesystem.java:49:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestViewDistributedFileSystem.java:28:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestDatanodeManager.java:70:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDelegationTokensWithHA.java:231:41:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSShellGenericOptions.java:107:19:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestLeaseManager.java:60:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestLeaseManager.java:124:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/common/blockaliasmap/impl/TestInMemoryLevelDBAliasMapClient.java:69:62:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestWriteReadStripedFile.java:73:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestStripedINodeFile.java:81:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestStripedINodeFile.java:90:53:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDatanodeStartupOptions.java:61:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/TestDatasetVolumeCheckerFailures.java:87:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/BlockManagerTestUtil.java:407:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/BlockManagerTestUtil.java:408:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/tools/TestDFSAdmin.java:256:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DFSTestUtil.java:302:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DFSTestUtil.java:1091:21:[deprecation] getStatistics(String,Class<? extends FileSystem>) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/DFSTestUtil.java:1818:38:[deprecation] GET_STATS_UNDER_REPLICATED_IDX in ClientProtocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDNFencingWithReplication.java:48:20:[deprecation] setLogLevel(Log,Level) in GenericTestUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDFSUpgradeWithHA.java:305:61:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/diskbalancer/TestDiskBalancerRPC.java:61:53:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestEditLogFileInputStream.java:76:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestSequentialBlockGroupId.java:211:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestFileChecksum.java:101:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestSecureNameNode.java:49:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSStripedOutputStream.java:78:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSStripedOutputStream.java:211:27:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSStripedOutputStream.java:214:27:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataNodePeerMetrics.java:86:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestBootstrapStandbyWithQJM.java:172:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDistributedFileSystem.java:675:14:[deprecation] getStatistics(String,Class<? extends FileSystem>) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDistributedFileSystem.java:680:18:[deprecation] getStatistics(String,Class<? extends FileSystem>) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDistributedFileSystem.java:679:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDistributedFileSystem.java:1010:14:[deprecation] getStatistics(String,Class<? extends FileSystem>) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHDFS.java:1012:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHDFS.java:1024:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryption.java:109:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryption.java:1083:43:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryption.java:1084:29:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryption.java:1947:33:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryption.java:1952:33:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestINodeAttributeProvider.java:82:18:[deprecation] checkPermission(String,String,UserGroupInformation,INodeAttributes[],INode[],byte[][],int,String,int,boolean,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,boolean) in AccessControlEnforcer has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestINodeAttributeProvider.java:91:18:[deprecation] checkPermission(String,String,UserGroupInformation,INodeAttributes[],INode[],byte[][],int,String,int,boolean,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,FsAction,boolean) in AccessControlEnforcer has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestSnapshotRename.java:91:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/security/TestDelegationTokenForProxyUser.java:159:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestHeartbeatHandling.java:60:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSAclBaseTest.java:85:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSAclBaseTest.java:883:10:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/FSAclBaseTest.java:896:27:[deprecation] toExtendedShort() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestSnapshotDeletion.java:95:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/server/TestJournalNodeRespectsBindHostKeys.java:98:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestRefreshUserMappings.java:139:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestRefreshUserMappings.java:143:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestRefreshUserMappings.java:152:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestRefreshUserMappings.java:164:19:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestRefreshUserMappings.java:210:13:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestRefreshUserMappings.java:211:13:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSUtil.java:860:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataNodeVolumeFailure.java:397:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataNodeVolumeFailure.java:677:23:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/metrics/TestNameNodeMetrics.java:444:18:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/diskbalancer/TestDiskBalancer.java:728:12:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDNFencing.java:178:39:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDNFencing.java:270:39:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDNFencing.java:271:39:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDNFencing.java:370:39:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestDNFencing.java:371:39:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:85:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:109:30:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:142:25:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:169:30:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:190:23:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfoStriped.java:209:23:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestSequentialBlockId.java:82:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestQuotaWithStripedBlocks.java:65:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestAuditLogAtDebug.java:50:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestAuditLogAtDebug.java:64:20:[deprecation] setLogLevel(Log,Level) in GenericTestUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/fsdataset/impl/TestLazyPersistFiles.java:104:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestBlockPoolSliceStorage.java:55:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestGetBlocks.java:312:29:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method intercept in class LambdaTestUtils is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:105:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:106:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:107:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:133:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:134:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:135:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:138:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestReencryptionHandler.java:196:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestSnapshotDiffReport.java:1541:8:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestErasureCodingPolicies.java:76:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/TestKeyManager.java:43:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/TestKeyManager.java:58:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/TestKeyManager.java:67:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/TestKeyManager.java:69:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/balancer/TestKeyManager.java:68:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestNameNodePrunesMissingStorages.java:97:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestQuotaByStorageType.java:853:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestDiffListBySkipList.java:219:22:[unchecked] unchecked call to addLast(T) as a member of the raw type DiffList
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestBpServiceActorScheduler.java:74:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFileTruncate.java:354:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestViewFsFileStatusHdfs.java:88:8:[deprecation] write(DataOutput) in FileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/viewfs/TestViewFsFileStatusHdfs.java:92:9:[deprecation] readFields(DataInput) in FileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestSaveNamespace.java:166:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestSaveNamespace.java:272:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestSaveNamespace.java:411:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestSaveNamespace.java:552:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataXceiverBackwardsCompat.java:67:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataXceiverBackwardsCompat.java:87:44:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestFileWithSnapshotFeature.java:83:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestFileWithSnapshotFeature.java:84:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSStripedInputStream.java:85:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/fsdataset/impl/TestSpaceReservation.java:182:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/fsdataset/impl/TestSpaceReservation.java:526:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestAddStripedBlockInFBR.java:87:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSShell.java:136:32:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSShell.java:278:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestMaintenanceState.java:1062:44:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestMaintenanceState.java:1167:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:238:11:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:238:39:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:240:6:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:243:24:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:263:4:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:281:4:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSClientFailover.java:301:10:NameService is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:95:27:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:100:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:165:59:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:170:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:196:39:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestPendingInvalidateBlock.java:203:34:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestPipelinesFailover.java:179:25:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDatanodeStartupFixesLegacyStorageIDs.java:77:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestDeleteRace.java:169:39:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestRenameWithSnapshots.java:1641:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestRenameWithSnapshots.java:1711:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHDFSForHA.java:293:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHDFSForHA.java:317:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/TestSecureNNWithQJM.java:87:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestHASafeMode.java:138:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestHASafeMode.java:747:40:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestHASafeMode.java:748:40:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestStandbyIsHot.java:170:41:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestStandbyIsHot.java:174:41:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestStandbyIsHot.java:190:41:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/ha/TestStandbyIsHot.java:191:41:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/TestStorageLocationChecker.java:56:53:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/TestStorageLocationChecker.java:74:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestStartup.java:746:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestGetContentSummaryWithSnapshot.java:55:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestNameNodeHttpServerXFrame.java:47:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestErasureCodingMultipleRacks.java:62:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/web/resources/TestWebHdfsDataLocality.java:72:62:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestQuota.java:92:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestQuota.java:350:18:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestQuota.java:1286:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestQuota.java:1511:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestSlowPeerTracker.java:87:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataXceiverLazyPersistHint.java:59:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/TestDatanodeHttpXFrame.java:44:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:338:51:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:363:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:465:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:469:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:480:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:571:34:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:813:61:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/BlockReportTestBase.java:817:65:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:104:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:157:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:168:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:181:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:190:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:202:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:214:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:270:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:312:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:334:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:359:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:713:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:717:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:721:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:725:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockManagerSafeMode.java:730:17:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestEnabledECPolicies.java:52:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestErasureCodingPolicyWithSnapshot.java:54:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestEncryptionZones.java:186:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestEncryptionZones.java:1443:18:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method thenReturn in interface OngoingStubbing is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestINodeFile.java:839:19:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestINodeFile.java:848:20:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestReadStripedFileWithMissingBlocks.java:61:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFSImage.java:158:19:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestEncryptedTransfer.java:78:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput.java:44:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestTruncateQuotaUpdate.java:161:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestTruncateQuotaUpdate.java:163:51:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/web/TestHostRestrictingAuthorizationFilterHandler.java:64:62:[deprecation] getStatus() in DefaultHttpResponse has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/TestDatasetVolumeCheckerTimeout.java:106:12:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestWriteBlockGetsBlockLengthHint.java:104:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/datatransfer/sasl/TestBlackListBasedTrustedChannelResolver.java:66:13:[deprecation] write(File,CharSequence,boolean) in FileUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestSafeMode.java:236:51:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestSafeMode.java:242:48:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestSafeMode.java:276:24:[deprecation] getPendingReplicationBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/mover/TestMover.java:824:30:[deprecation] DFS_CLIENT_SOCKET_TIMEOUT_KEY in DFSConfigKeys has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataNodeVolumeFailureToleration.java:64:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestIncrementalBrVariations.java:141:38:[deprecation] getUnderReplicatedBlocks() in FSNamesystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestIncrementalBrVariations.java:141:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestClientNameNodeAddress.java:45:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestClientNameNodeAddress.java:51:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/extdataset/ExternalDatasetImpl.java:464:22:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/client/impl/TestBlockReaderFactory.java:83:39:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/client/impl/TestBlockReaderFactory.java:86:53:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/client/impl/TestBlockReaderFactory.java:433:10:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestUnderReplicatedBlocks.java:157:19:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestCommitBlockSynchronization.java:51:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestAuthFilter.java:54:61:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestHostFileManager.java:126:33:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/metrics/TestDataNodeOutlierDetectionViaMetrics.java:55:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/metrics/TestDataNodeOutlierDetectionViaMetrics.java:105:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestGlobPaths.java:1321:16:[unchecked] unchecked call to add(E) as a member of the raw type ArrayList
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/NameNodeAdapter.java:388:24:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/NameNodeAdapter.java:390:17:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataNodeVolumeFailureReporting.java:93:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestReplicationPolicy.java:90:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHdfsTokens.java:326:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/web/TestWebHdfsTokens.java:340:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/shortcircuit/TestShortCircuitCache.java:907:26:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method setBlockToken in class BlockReaderFactory is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/diskbalancer/command/TestDiskBalancerCommand.java:144:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestBlockInfo.java:130:10:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestAclWithSnapshot.java:78:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/snapshot/TestSnapshotFileLength.java:111:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestProtectedDirectories.java:272:10:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingCorruptData.java:48:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/util/TestAtomicFileOutputStream.java:53:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestLeaseRecoveryStriped.java:344:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/util/TestStripedBlockUtil.java:101:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:103:44:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:105:43:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:108:59:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:110:35:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:122:25:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:135:44:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:220:52:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:288:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:289:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:293:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:296:8:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:317:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:318:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:322:12:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:325:12:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:327:12:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:400:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:405:6:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:445:25:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestDFSOutputStream.java:447:25:[deprecation] StreamCapability in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/ErasureCodeBenchmarkThroughput.java:404:32:[deprecation] isDirectory(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestDecommissioningStatus.java:207:27:[deprecation] toString() in AbstractByteArrayOutputStream has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestUnsetAndChangeDirectoryEcPolicy.java:63:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestReadStripedFileWithDecoding.java:62:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestAclConfigFlag.java:50:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/qjournal/client/TestQJMWithFaults.java:132:64:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestReadStripedFileWithDecodingDeletedData.java:49:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestDataNodeMetricsLogger.java:77:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestComputeInvalidateWork.java:264:44:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestSlowDiskTracker.java:75:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestSlowDiskTracker.java:139:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFSNamesystem.java:134:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFSNamesystem.java:235:24:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFSNamesystem.java:237:31:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestFSNamesystem.java:274:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/security/TestPermission.java:230:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/checker/TestThrottledAsyncCheckerTimeout.java:114:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/TestNameNodeMXBean.java:389:55:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/datatransfer/sasl/TestSaslDataTransfer.java:79:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocol/datatransfer/sasl/TestSaslDataTransfer.java:252:52:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method peerFromSocketAndKey in class DFSUtilClient is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/fsdataset/impl/TestFsDatasetImpl.java:1041:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestViewDistributedFileSystem.java:55:16:[deprecation] getStatistics(String,Class<? extends FileSystem>) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/TestViewDistributedFileSystem.java:53:60:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/net/TestDFSNetworkTopology.java:60:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/blockmanagement/TestDatanodeManager.java:434:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/diskbalancer/TestDiskBalancerWithMockMover.java:70:53:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/TestReadOnlySharedStorage.java:140:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/datanode/fsdataset/impl/TestScrLazyPersistFiles.java:136:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/protocolPB/TestPBHelper.java:206:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/client/HttpFSFileSystem.java:53:38:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/client/HttpFSFileSystem.java:1131:6:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/client/HttpFSFileSystem.java:1132:14:[deprecation] FsPermissionExtension in org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/client/HttpFSFileSystem.java:1651:26:[deprecation] getServerDefaults() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/lib/service/instrumentation/InstrumentationService.java:329:10:[unchecked] unchecked assignment to variable var as member of raw type VariableHolder
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/server/FSOperations.java:169:34:[deprecation] getAclBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/server/FSOperations.java:172:34:[deprecation] getEncryptedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/server/FSOperations.java:175:34:[deprecation] getErasureCodedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/client/BaseTestHttpFSWith.java:1022:49:[deprecation] getAclBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/client/BaseTestHttpFSWith.java:1023:42:[deprecation] getAclBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-httpfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/http/server/TestHttpFSServerWebServer.java:55:27:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-nfs/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/nfs/mount/RpcProgramMountd.java:253:43:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method writeExportList in class MountResponse is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-nfs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/nfs/nfs3/TestDFSClientCache.java:76:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:549:108:[deprecation] PARSER in PlacementConstraintMapEntryProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:1849:106:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:1868:98:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationACLMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:1877:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:1935:113:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProfilesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:1949:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceTypeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:5880:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:5905:99:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:7978:96:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceRequestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:7987:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:7995:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceBlacklistRequestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:8028:98:[deprecation] PARSER in SchedulingRequestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:10313:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:10326:99:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:11148:99:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12763:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12772:96:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12780:94:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12794:91:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12807:105:[deprecation] PARSER in PreemptionMessageProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12829:103:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12842:108:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12855:107:[deprecation] PARSER in CollectorInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12887:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:12896:106:[deprecation] PARSER in RejectedSchedulingRequestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:17827:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:17840:106:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:18640:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:19256:115:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:19883:137:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationSubmissionContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:20921:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:21963:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:23644:113:[deprecation] PARSER in YarnClusterMetricsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:24275:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:27540:98:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:28938:91:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:30560:99:[deprecation] PARSER in QueueInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:31611:97:[deprecation] PARSER in QueueUserACLInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:32803:95:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdToLabelsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:34186:96:[deprecation] PARSER in LabelsToNodeIdsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:35407:90:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeLabelProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:36758:98:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeAttributeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:37550:97:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeAttributeKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:38342:97:[deprecation] PARSER in AttributeToNodesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:39736:97:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeToAttributesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:40528:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:40541:108:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:41344:108:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:41970:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:43126:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:43140:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationUpdateTimeoutMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:44104:108:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationUpdateTimeoutMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:45283:113:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProfilesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:46502:98:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:47556:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceTypeInfoProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:48348:125:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerLaunchContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:48361:108:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:49174:95:[deprecation] PARSER in StringBytesMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:49942:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:50994:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:51008:103:[deprecation] PARSER in StringLocalResourceMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:52386:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:52399:125:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerLaunchContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:55723:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:55736:109:[deprecation] PARSER in SerializedExceptionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:56588:95:[deprecation] PARSER in StringBytesMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:56597:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:58053:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:58859:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:59982:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:60788:96:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:61922:94:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:62739:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:63862:94:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:64679:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:65789:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:66405:129:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:67021:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:67650:105:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:68418:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:69034:111:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:69661:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:70290:96:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:71084:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:72447:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:74035:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:74685:123:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationDefinitionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:74698:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:76066:123:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationDefinitionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:76079:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:77290:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:79338:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ReservationAllocationStateProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:81049:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServiceProtos.java:83841:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnProtos.java:14258:108:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnProtos.java:25320:109:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnProtos.java:25422:103:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnProtos.java:90880:108:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:200:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:2058:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:3474:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:4585:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:4633:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:6131:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:6155:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:7210:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:8397:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:8410:106:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:8423:101:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:8436:97:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:10103:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:10116:106:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:10129:101:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:10142:97:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/ApplicationHistoryServerProtos.java:11409:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerServiceProtos.java:6604:96:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeResourceMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerServiceProtos.java:8658:90:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeLabelProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerServiceProtos.java:11031:95:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdToLabelsProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerServiceProtos.java:13126:87:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerServiceProtos.java:14736:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerServiceProtos.java:15564:97:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeToAttributesProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/conf/HAUtil.java:94:44:[deprecation] AUTO_FAILOVER_EMBEDDED in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/conf/HAUtil.java:95:25:[deprecation] DEFAULT_AUTO_FAILOVER_EMBEDDED in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/conf/HAUtil.java:173:42:[deprecation] CURATOR_LEADER_ELECTOR in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/CsiAdaptorProtos.java:146:96:[deprecation] PARSER in StringStringMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/CsiAdaptorProtos.java:4551:96:[deprecation] PARSER in StringStringMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/CsiAdaptorProtos.java:4590:96:[deprecation] PARSER in StringStringMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-api/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/CsiAdaptorProtos.java:4599:96:[deprecation] PARSER in StringStringMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:116:113:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:129:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:1155:113:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:2028:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:2053:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:2081:97:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:2099:123:[deprecation] PARSER in LogAggregationContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTokenProtos.java:4492:113:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/nodelabels/store/FSStoreOpHandler.java:129:15:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/state/StateMachineFactory.java:471:41:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/event/TestAsyncDispatcher.java:257:27:[unchecked] unchecked call to setEnumClass(Class<T>) as a member of the raw type EventTypeMetricsBuilder
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/nodelabels/TestCommonNodeLabelsManager.java:633:43:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method of in class ImmutableMap is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/conf/TestHAUtil.java:193:39:[deprecation] AUTO_FAILOVER_EMBEDDED in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/conf/TestHAUtil.java:194:39:[deprecation] CURATOR_LEADER_ELECTOR in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/util/TestResourceCalculatorProcessTree.java:80:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/federation/proto/YarnServerFederationProtos.java:8574:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/federation/proto/YarnServerFederationProtos.java:11635:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/federation/proto/YarnServerFederationProtos.java:14059:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:123:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:1271:137:[deprecation] PARSER in RegisterApplicationMasterResponseProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:1284:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:1297:109:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:1310:110:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:3011:120:[deprecation] PARSER in AllocateResponseProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:4005:118:[deprecation] PARSER in AllocateRequestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:4019:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:4998:90:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeLabelProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:5779:94:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeAttributeProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:6722:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:6740:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:6769:94:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:6790:105:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:6825:113:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:9669:125:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:9682:118:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:9729:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:11292:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:12430:113:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:12443:134:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:12456:127:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:14610:107:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15820:125:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15833:118:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15859:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15868:94:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15888:92:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15911:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15920:110:[deprecation] PARSER in SignalContainerRequestProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15928:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:15964:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:21192:99:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:21942:99:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:21971:111:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:24282:99:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:26030:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:26055:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonServiceProtos.java:26068:97:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonProtos.java:313:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonProtos.java:332:96:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerStatusProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonProtos.java:354:94:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonProtos.java:362:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceUtilizationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonProtos.java:375:115:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceUtilizationProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerCommonProtos.java:389:90:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/webapp/LogServlet.java:417:11:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: constructor <init> in class GenericEntity is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-applicationhistoryservice/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerTimelineServerRecoveryProtos.java:87:138:[deprecation] PARSER in YARNDelegationTokenIdentifierProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-applicationhistoryservice/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timeline/GenericObjectMapper.java:46:26:[deprecation] reader(Class<?>) in ObjectMapper has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-applicationhistoryservice/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/applicationhistoryservice/webapp/ContextFactory.java:87:34:[unchecked] unchecked call to getMethod(String,Class<?>...) as a member of the raw type Class
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-applicationhistoryservice/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/applicationhistoryservice/webapp/ContextFactory.java:127:34:[unchecked] unchecked call to getMethod(String,Class<?>...) as a member of the raw type Class
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-applicationhistoryservice/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/applicationhistoryservice/ApplicationHistoryManagerOnTimelineStore.java:619:20:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-applicationhistoryservice/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timeline/webapp/TestTimelineWebServices.java:1039:59:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method createContext in class ContextFactory is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/AppSchedulingInfo.java:520:18:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method addAll in interface List is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/placement/AppPlacementAllocator.java:85:44:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/constraint/AllocationTagsManager.java:69:56:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:625:117:[deprecation] PARSER in RPCCallerContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:639:102:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationTimeoutMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:2787:110:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:2800:105:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:2890:94:[deprecation] PARSER in StringLongMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:2899:94:[deprecation] PARSER in StringLongMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:6005:118:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:6018:115:[deprecation] PARSER in MasterKeyProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerResourceManagerRecoveryProtos.java:6816:138:[deprecation] PARSER in YARNDelegationTokenIdentifierProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/activities/ActivitiesManager.java:98:54:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method withInitial in class ThreadLocal is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/FairScheduler.java:295:38:[deprecation] RM_SCHEDULER_INCREMENT_ALLOCATION_VCORES in FairSchedulerConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/webapp/RMWebApp.java:61:8:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method bind in class AbstractModule is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/volume/csi/TestVolumeMetaData.java:64:24:[deprecation] JsonParser() in JsonParser has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/volume/csi/TestVolumeMetaData.java:65:32:[deprecation] parse(String) in JsonParser has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/volume/csi/TestVolumeMetaData.java:104:24:[deprecation] JsonParser() in JsonParser has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/volume/csi/TestVolumeMetaData.java:105:32:[deprecation] parse(String) in JsonParser has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/webapp/ActivitiesTestUtils.java:117:14:[unchecked] unchecked call to test(T) as a member of the raw type Predicate
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/capacity/conf/TestFSSchedulerConfigurationStore.java:166:6:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/TestFairScheduler.java:258:32:[deprecation] RM_SCHEDULER_INCREMENT_ALLOCATION_MB in FairSchedulerConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/TestFairScheduler.java:260:32:[deprecation] RM_SCHEDULER_INCREMENT_ALLOCATION_VCORES in FairSchedulerConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/TestFairScheduler.java:276:32:[deprecation] RM_SCHEDULER_INCREMENT_ALLOCATION_MB in FairSchedulerConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/TestFairScheduler.java:278:32:[deprecation] RM_SCHEDULER_INCREMENT_ALLOCATION_VCORES in FairSchedulerConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/reservation/ReservationSystemTestUtil.java:288:35:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method setMultiNodeSortingManager in interface RMContext is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/webapp/TestRMWebServices.java:1019:39:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestResourceTrackerService.java:383:23:[unchecked] unchecked generic array creation for varargs parameter of type Pair<String,Integer>[]
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestResourceTrackerService.java:400:23:[unchecked] unchecked generic array creation for varargs parameter of type Pair<String,Integer>[]
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestResourceTrackerService.java:1270:75:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/capacity/TestCapacityScheduler.java:716:23:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method setOrderingPolicy in class AbstractLeafQueue is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/webapp/TestRMWebServicesReservation.java:1100:17:[deprecation] readFileToString(File) in FileUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/TestSchedulerUtils.java:124:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMRestart.java:525:15:[unchecked] unchecked call to add(E) as a member of the raw type ArrayList
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/capacity/TestParentQueue.java:175:20:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method accept in interface CSQueue is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/capacity/TestLeafQueue.java:345:38:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method accept in interface CSQueue is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:790:59:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:941:37:[deprecation] AUTO_FAILOVER_EMBEDDED in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:942:37:[deprecation] CURATOR_LEADER_ELECTOR in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:970:37:[deprecation] AUTO_FAILOVER_EMBEDDED in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:996:37:[deprecation] AUTO_FAILOVER_EMBEDDED in YarnConfiguration has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:1151:61:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/TestRMAdminService.java:1420:6:[deprecation] delete(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/rmapp/attempt/TestRMAppAttemptTransitions.java:1773:64:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/policies/TestDominantResourceFairnessPolicy.java:101:17:[unchecked] unchecked call to compare(T,T) as a member of the raw type Comparator
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/capacity/TestCapacitySchedulerConfigValidator.java:118:34:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/fair/converter/TestFSConfigToCSConfigArgumentHandler.java:61:64:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-resourcemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/resourcemanager/scheduler/capacity/TestReservations.java:200:40:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method accept in class AbstractCSQueue is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/resources/ResourceHandlerModule.java:33:53:[deprecation] CgroupsLCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerRecoveryProtos.java:164:96:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerRecoveryProtos.java:189:98:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationACLMapProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerRecoveryProtos.java:197:123:[deprecation] PARSER in LogAggregationContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerRecoveryProtos.java:3426:102:[deprecation] PARSER in LocalResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/resources/CGroupElasticMemoryController.java:147:59:[unchecked] unchecked call to getConstructor(Class<?>...) as a member of the raw type Class
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerServiceProtos.java:337:93:[deprecation] PARSER in URLProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerServiceProtos.java:355:109:[deprecation] PARSER in SerializedExceptionProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerServiceProtos.java:2430:102:[deprecation] PARSER in LocalResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnServerNodemanagerServiceProtos.java:2443:104:[deprecation] PARSER in URLProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:140:10:[deprecation] LCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:245:10:[deprecation] LCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:246:4:[deprecation] LCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:248:12:[deprecation] DefaultLCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:248:46:[deprecation] LCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:254:27:[deprecation] CgroupsLCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/LinuxContainerExecutor.java:256:38:[deprecation] DefaultLCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/nodelabels/NodeDescriptorsScriptRunner.java:62:29:[unchecked] unchecked call to setDescriptors(Set<T>) as a member of the raw type NodeDescriptorsProvider
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/resources/ResourceHandlerModule.java:147:12:[deprecation] DefaultLCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:21:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/TestLinuxContainerExecutor.java:77:53:[deprecation] LCEResourcesHandler in org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.nodemanager.util has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:128:44:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:144:44:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:164:44:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:195:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:212:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:241:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:260:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainersLauncher.java:275:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/resourceplugin/deviceframework/TestDeviceMappingManager.java:95:57:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method storeAssignedResources in class NMStateStoreService is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/resourceplugin/gpu/TestGpuDiscoverer.java:70:56:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/resourceplugin/gpu/TestGpuDiscoverer.java:285:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/launcher/TestContainerLaunch.java:1848:49:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method thenReturn in interface OngoingStubbing is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/resourceplugin/com/nec/TestVEDeviceDiscoverer.java:61:55:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/resourceplugin/deviceframework/TestDevicePluginAdapter.java:141:57:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method storeAssignedResources in class NMStateStoreService is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/runtime/TestJavaSandboxLinuxContainerRuntime.java:154:10:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/runtime/TestDockerContainerRuntime.java:339:12:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/resourceplugin/fpga/TestFpgaDiscoverer.java:49:55:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/logaggregation/TestLogAggregationService.java:1775:44:[deprecation] toString(ApplicationId) in ConverterUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/runtime/docker/TestDockerCommandExecutor.java:122:12:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/nodemanager/containermanager/linux/resources/fpga/TestFpgaResourceHandlerImpl.java:81:55:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/target/generated-test-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTestTokenProtos.java:130:113:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/target/generated-test-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTestTokenProtos.java:143:93:[deprecation] PARSER in NodeIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/target/generated-test-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTestTokenProtos.java:1438:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/target/generated-test-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTestTokenProtos.java:1463:97:[deprecation] PARSER in ResourceProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/target/generated-test-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTestTokenProtos.java:1491:97:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/target/generated-test-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/proto/YarnSecurityTestTokenProtos.java:1509:123:[deprecation] PARSER in LogAggregationContextProto has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/TestMiniYarnCluster.java:46:8:[deprecation] MiniYARNCluster(String,int,int,int,int,boolean) in MiniYARNCluster has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/TestMiniYarnCluster.java:65:8:[deprecation] MiniYARNCluster(String,int,int,int,int,boolean) in MiniYARNCluster has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/TestMiniYarnCluster.java:94:8:[deprecation] MiniYARNCluster(String,int,int,int,int,boolean) in MiniYARNCluster has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/cli/NodeAttributesCLI.java:155:27:[unchecked] unchecked call to forEachRemaining(Consumer<? super E>) as a member of the raw type Iterator
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/ProtocolHATestBase.java:314:6:[deprecation] MiniYARNCluster(String,int,int,int,int,boolean) in MiniYARNCluster has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/TestNoHaRMFailoverProxyProvider.java:143:37:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/api/impl/TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints.java:109:37:[unchecked] unchecked call to addSchedulingRequests(Collection<SchedulingRequest>) as a member of the raw type AMRMClientAsync
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/api/impl/TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints.java:129:62:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/api/impl/TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints.java:191:37:[unchecked] unchecked call to addSchedulingRequests(Collection<SchedulingRequest>) as a member of the raw type AMRMClientAsync
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/api/impl/TestAMRMClientPlacementConstraints.java:213:62:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-client/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/client/cli/TestYarnCLI.java:287:42:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Mapper.java:26:27:[deprecation] Closeable in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Reducer.java:28:27:[deprecation] Closeable in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:30:36:[deprecation] ClientPNames in org.apache.http.client.params has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:31:34:[deprecation] DefaultHttpClient in org.apache.http.impl.client has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:32:29:[deprecation] CoreConnectionPNames in org.apache.http.params has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobClient.java:44:44:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/MapReduceBase.java:25:27:[deprecation] Closeable in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/JobResourceUploader.java:43:44:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Mapper.java:135:65:[deprecation] Closeable in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Reducer.java:168:66:[deprecation] Closeable in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/task/JobContextImpl.java:399:16:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/task/JobContextImpl.java:379:16:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/task/JobContextImpl.java:302:17:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/task/JobContextImpl.java:303:11:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/task/JobContextImpl.java:303:27:[deprecation] getSymlink(Configuration) in DistributedCache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/Job.java:85:7:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/Job.java:85:7:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/Job.java:85:7:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:70:4:[deprecation] DefaultHttpClient in org.apache.http.impl.client has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:70:35:[deprecation] DefaultHttpClient in org.apache.http.impl.client has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:73:26:[deprecation] ClientPNames in org.apache.http.client.params has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/JobEndNotifier.java:72:25:[deprecation] CoreConnectionPNames in org.apache.http.params has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/partition/InputSampler.java:326:45:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/MapFileOutputFormat.java:66:6:[deprecation] Writer(Configuration,FileSystem,String,Class<? extends WritableComparable>,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec,Progressable) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Task.java:392:38:[deprecation] getAllStatistics() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Task.java:532:26:[deprecation] read(DataInput) in TaskAttemptID has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/Task.java:1197:35:[deprecation] getAllStatistics() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/MapTask.java:176:50:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/CompositeRecordReader.java:329:17:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/JoinRecordReader.java:53:19:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/JoinRecordReader.java:63:21:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/SequenceFileRecordReader.java:49:14:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/input/SequenceFileRecordReader.java:54:14:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/SequenceFileOutputFormat.java:64:23:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec,Progressable) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/NullOutputFormat.java:54:18:[deprecation] cleanupJob(JobContext) in OutputCommitter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/MapFileOutputFormat.java:71:6:[deprecation] Writer(Configuration,FileSystem,String,Class<? extends WritableComparable>,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec,Progressable) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/MapFileOutputFormat.java:108:17:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,String,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/SequenceFileOutputFormat.java:64:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec,Progressable) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/SequenceFileOutputFormat.java:94:17:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/SequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat.java:131:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec,Progressable) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/reduce/WrappedReducer.java:211:18:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/reduce/WrappedReducer.java:206:18:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/reduce/WrappedReducer.java:280:19:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/reduce/WrappedReducer.java:207:26:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/reduce/WrappedReducer.java:212:26:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/reduce/WrappedReducer.java:281:26:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/input/SequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat.java:72:16:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/MultiFilterRecordReader.java:74:19:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/MultiFilterRecordReader.java:75:19:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/MultiFilterRecordReader.java:85:21:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/MultiFilterRecordReader.java:86:21:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/MultiFilterRecordReader.java:131:21:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/MultiFilterRecordReader.java:137:19:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/ClientDistributedCacheManager.java:258:34:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/ClientDistributedCacheManager.java:318:30:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainReduceContextImpl.java:209:16:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainReduceContextImpl.java:204:16:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainReduceContextImpl.java:293:17:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainReduceContextImpl.java:205:15:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainReduceContextImpl.java:210:15:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainReduceContextImpl.java:294:15:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ReduceTask.java:309:34:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType,Progressable) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/MapReduceBase.java:35:38:[deprecation] Closeable in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/WrappedRecordReader.java:101:17:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/WrappedRecordReader.java:155:19:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/WrappedRecordReader.java:156:19:[deprecation] cloneInto(Writable,Writable) in WritableUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/map/WrappedMapper.java:218:18:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/map/WrappedMapper.java:213:18:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/map/WrappedMapper.java:287:19:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/map/WrappedMapper.java:214:23:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/map/WrappedMapper.java:219:23:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/map/WrappedMapper.java:288:23:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/pipes/Submitter.java:490:41:[deprecation] toURL() in File has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainMapContextImpl.java:216:16:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainMapContextImpl.java:211:16:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainMapContextImpl.java:300:17:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainMapContextImpl.java:212:15:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainMapContextImpl.java:217:15:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/chain/ChainMapContextImpl.java:301:15:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/SequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat.java:66:16:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/task/reduce/TestMergeManager.java:47:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestJobConf.java:277:29:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_MAXVMEM_PROPERTY in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:40:6:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:40:22:[deprecation] addFileToClassPath(Path,Configuration) in DistributedCache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:46:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:46:20:[deprecation] addFileToClassPath(Path,Configuration) in DistributedCache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:52:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:52:20:[deprecation] addFileToClassPath(Path,Configuration) in DistributedCache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:65:6:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:71:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:77:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:89:6:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:95:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:101:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:113:6:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:119:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestDistributedCache.java:125:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/TestPathOutputCommitter.java:363:18:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/TestPathOutputCommitter.java:358:18:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/TestPathOutputCommitter.java:338:19:[deprecation] getSymlink() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestTaskID.java:62:37:[deprecation] isMap() in TaskID has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestTaskID.java:65:44:[deprecation] isMap() in TaskID has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestTaskID.java:72:28:[deprecation] isMap() in TaskID has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:53:44:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/LocalResourceBuilder.java:31:44:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:78:97:[deprecation] PARSER in JobIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:694:105:[deprecation] PARSER in JobReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:1310:99:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:1926:107:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:2542:113:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:3158:121:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskAttemptReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:3774:97:[deprecation] PARSER in JobIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:4390:103:[deprecation] PARSER in CountersProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:5024:97:[deprecation] PARSER in JobIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:5807:113:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskAttemptCompletionEventProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:6585:97:[deprecation] PARSER in JobIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:7304:97:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskReportProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:8072:113:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:9290:97:[deprecation] PARSER in JobIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:10317:99:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:11344:113:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRServiceProtos.java:12371:113:[deprecation] PARSER in TaskAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRProtos.java:816:99:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRProtos.java:7930:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRProtos.java:10304:100:[deprecation] PARSER in PriorityProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRProtos.java:13017:121:[deprecation] PARSER in ApplicationAttemptIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/proto/MRProtos.java:13035:103:[deprecation] PARSER in ContainerIdProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/util/MRApps.java:311:26:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-common/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMRWithDistributedCache.java:35:34:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/target/generated-sources/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/proto/ShuffleHandlerRecoveryProtos.java:99:102:[deprecation] PARSER in TokenProto has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/TaskAttemptImpl.java:1642:37:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_MAPS in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/TaskAttemptImpl.java:1649:37:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_REDUCES in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/jobhistory/JobHistoryEventHandler.java:1421:29:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_MAPS in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/jobhistory/JobHistoryEventHandler.java:1427:29:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_REDUCES in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnChild.java:159:52:[deprecation] getSessionId() in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/YarnChild.java:370:11:[deprecation] delete(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/JobImpl.java:1260:44:[deprecation] DISABLED_MEMORY_LIMIT in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/TestTaskAttempt.java:396:39:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_MAPS in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/TestTaskAttempt.java:398:39:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_REDUCES in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/app/job/impl/TestTaskAttempt.java:2009:36:[deprecation] newInstance(ApplicationAttemptId,int) in ContainerId has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/server/TestHSAdminServer.java:164:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/server/TestHSAdminServer.java:172:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/server/TestHSAdminServer.java:183:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/hs/server/TestHSAdminServer.java:202:12:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/security/token/delegation/TestDelegationToken.java:25:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMROldApiJobs.java:42:44:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMiniMRProxyUser.java:27:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/pipes/TestPipes.java:37:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestMapReduceLazyOutput.java:36:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestNonExistentJob.java:27:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/SortValidator.java:376:36:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/UtilsForTests.java:512:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/join/TestJoinProperties.java:74:15:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/join/TestJoinProperties.java:77:20:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/HadoopTestCase.java:133:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/HadoopTestCase.java:156:22:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMultipleLevelCaching.java:85:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMultipleLevelCaching.java:115:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMultipleLevelCaching.java:150:55:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:65:42:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:66:29:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:68:28:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:97:42:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:98:29:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:100:28:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestChild.java:125:22:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/TestMRMultipleOutputs.java:230:6:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/security/token/delegation/TestDelegationToken.java:38:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/security/token/delegation/TestDelegationToken.java:48:18:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath.java:103:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestSpecialCharactersInOutputPath.java:112:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestComparators.java:341:45:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestComparators.java:348:25:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestSequenceFileAsTextInputFormat.java:68:20:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestCommandLineJobSubmission.java:49:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestCommandLineJobSubmission.java:60:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:33:15:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:36:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:38:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:40:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:43:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:46:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:51:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:54:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:57:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:60:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:65:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:70:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:77:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:80:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:83:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:86:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:91:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:96:16:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:103:15:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:106:15:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/filecache/TestURIFragments.java:109:15:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/input/TestMRSequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat.java:62:33:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestMapReduce.java:266:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestMapReduce.java:390:29:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestMapReduce.java:455:28:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRClasspath.java:165:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRClasspath.java:175:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRClasspath.java:196:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRClasspath.java:207:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ReliabilityTest.java:229:14:[deprecation] getJobID() in RunningJob has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestSequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat.java:57:6:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMRJobs.java:760:51:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_MAPS in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMRJobs.java:761:46:[deprecation] SLOTS_MILLIS_MAPS in JobCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMRJobs.java:966:33:[deprecation] getLocalCacheFiles() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMRJobs.java:968:36:[deprecation] getLocalCacheArchives() in JobContext has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/input/TestMRSequenceFileInputFilter.java:72:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem.java:46:19:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestReduceFetchFromPartialMem.java:53:20:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestSequenceFileInputFilter.java:61:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMROldApiJobs.java:200:4:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/BigMapOutput.java:69:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers.java:44:2:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRWithDFSWithDistinctUsers.java:97:13:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/output/TestJobOutputCommitter.java:86:16:[deprecation] cleanupJob(JobContext) in FileOutputCommitter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/DFSCIOTest.java:136:29:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/MRCaching.java:77:26:[deprecation] readLine() in DataInputStream has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/MRCaching.java:87:26:[deprecation] readLine() in DataInputStream has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRDFSCaching.java:39:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRDFSCaching.java:46:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFileSystem.java:107:8:[deprecation] CommandFormat(String,int,int,String...) in CommandFormat has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFileSystem.java:117:9:[deprecation] CommandFormat(String,int,int,String...) in CommandFormat has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFileSystem.java:122:9:[deprecation] CommandFormat(String,int,int,String...) in CommandFormat has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFileSystem.java:125:9:[deprecation] CommandFormat(String,int,int,String...) in CommandFormat has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/TestFileSystem.java:141:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/lib/TestMultipleOutputs.java:278:6:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMiniMRProxyUser.java:46:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestMiniMRProxyUser.java:88:20:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestLazyOutput.java:139:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestLazyOutput.java:148:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestJobSysDirWithDFS.java:102:26:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestJobSysDirWithDFS.java:123:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestJobSysDirWithDFS.java:132:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestBadRecords.java:160:35:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:314:10:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:349:40:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:371:28:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:424:8:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:491:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:617:29:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:681:28:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapRed.java:763:47:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestSequenceFileInputFormat.java:67:20:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/TestDatamerge.java:82:15:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/join/TestDatamerge.java:329:6:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/pipes/TestPipes.java:79:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/pipes/TestPipes.java:86:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/pipes/TestPipes.java:154:25:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/pipes/TestPipes.java:225:33:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMapOutputType.java:119:45:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/input/TestMRSequenceFileAsTextInputFormat.java:68:20:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/join/TestJoinDatamerge.java:69:15:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/join/TestJoinDatamerge.java:298:6:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/join/TestJoinDatamerge.java:314:30:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/join/TestJoinDatamerge.java:405:6:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestMapReduceLazyOutput.java:134:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/TestMapReduceLazyOutput.java:143:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestNonExistentJob.java:42:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/v2/TestNonExistentJob.java:77:20:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestCombineOutputCollector.java:87:19:[deprecation] contentEquals(Counter) in Counter has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/DistributedFSCheck.java:102:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/lib/input/TestCombineFileInputFormat.java:1817:23:[deprecation] getDefaultBlockSize() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRBringup.java:36:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestMiniMRBringup.java:38:15:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/GenericMRLoadGenerator.java:152:47:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/GenericMRLoadGenerator.java:423:36:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/io/TestSequenceFileMergeProgress.java:73:18:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType,CompressionCodec) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/GenericMRLoadGenerator.java:157:47:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-jobclient/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapreduce/GenericMRLoadGenerator.java:439:36:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/mapred/lib/DynamicInputChunk.java:60:25:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/CopyListingFileStatus.java:221:26:[deprecation] getErasureCodedBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/SimpleCopyListing.java:156:19:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/SimpleCopyListing.java:463:39:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/mapred/lib/DynamicRecordReader.java:77:32:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/TestGlobbedCopyListing.java:123:33:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/TestDistCpSystem.java:547:10:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/mapred/TestCopyMapper.java:422:51:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/mapred/TestCopyMapper.java:433:27:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-distcp/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/mapred/TestCopyMapper.java:1209:12:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-federation-balance/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/fedbalance/procedure/BalanceJob.java:91:23:[unchecked] unchecked call to BalanceJob(Iterable<T>,boolean) as a member of the raw type BalanceJob
hadoop-tools/hadoop-federation-balance/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/fedbalance/procedure/TestBalanceProcedureScheduler.java:103:25:[unchecked] unchecked call to nextProcedure(T) as a member of the raw type Builder
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/FederationUtil.java:230:22:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:695:14:[deprecation] getCurrentTokensCount() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:689:16:[deprecation] getRouterStatus() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:677:16:[deprecation] getBlockPoolId() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:665:16:[deprecation] getClusterId() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:660:16:[deprecation] getRouterId() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:647:16:[deprecation] getHostAndPort() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:641:16:[deprecation] getCompileInfo() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:636:16:[deprecation] getCompiledDate() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:631:16:[deprecation] getVersion() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/metrics/RBFMetrics.java:625:16:[deprecation] getRouterStarted() in FederationMBean has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/RouterRpcClient.java:953:38:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/FederationTestUtils.java:89:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterAdminCLI.java:59:29:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterRpcMultiDestination.java:27:25:[deprecation] Matchers in org.mockito has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterRpcMultiDestination.java:30:36:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterRpcMultiDestination.java:31:36:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/FederationTestUtils.java:352:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/FederationTestUtils.java:403:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestConnectionManager.java:70:60:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterClientRejectOverload.java:84:60:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterClientRejectOverload.java:377:18:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/security/TestRouterSecurityManager.java:143:40:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method renewDelegationToken in class RouterSecurityManager is applied to given types
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterAdminCLI.java:136:4:[deprecation] Whitebox in org.apache.hadoop.test has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterAdminCLI.java:515:22:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterRefreshSuperUserGroupsConfiguration.java:138:12:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterRPCClientRetries.java:71:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterWithSecureStartup.java:42:60:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/contract/router/TestRouterHDFSContractDelegationToken.java:63:60:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/contract/router/TestRouterHDFSContractDelegationToken.java:74:27:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterUserMappings.java:241:13:[deprecation] getGroups() in UserGroupInformation has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterUserMappings.java:327:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterUserMappings.java:331:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterUserMappings.java:345:28:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-hdfs-project/hadoop-hdfs-rbf/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/federation/router/TestRouterUserMappings.java:357:19:[deprecation] getGroups(String) in Groups has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/TestHBaseTimelineStorageApps.java:174:10:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/TestHBaseTimelineStorageApps.java:175:10:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRunCompaction.java:196:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRunCompaction.java:212:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRunCompaction.java:228:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRunCompaction.java:253:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRunCompaction.java:351:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRunCompaction.java:355:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/TestHBaseTimelineStorageEntities.java:226:7:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/TestHBaseTimelineStorageEntities.java:396:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/TestHBaseTimelineStorageEntities.java:533:7:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:365:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:372:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:396:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:401:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:425:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:429:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:456:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:460:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:486:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:490:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:515:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowRun.java:519:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowActivity.java:287:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowActivity.java:292:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowActivity.java:438:5:[deprecation] setStartRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-timelineservice-hbase-tests/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/timelineservice/storage/flow/TestHBaseStorageFlowActivity.java:442:5:[deprecation] setStopRow(byte[]) in Scan has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-server/hadoop-yarn-server-router/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/server/router/clientrm/FederationClientInterceptor.java:183:27:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: constructor <init> in class ThreadPoolExecutor is applied to given types
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-applications/hadoop-yarn-applications-distributedshell/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/applications/distributedshell/ApplicationMaster.java:1208:44:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-applications/hadoop-yarn-services/hadoop-yarn-services-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/service/utils/ServiceApiUtil.java:101:19:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-applications/hadoop-yarn-services/hadoop-yarn-services-core/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/service/ServiceScheduler.java:858:26:[deprecation] onContainerResourceIncreased(ContainerId,Resource) in AbstractCallbackHandler has been deprecated
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-applications/hadoop-yarn-services/hadoop-yarn-services-core/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/service/ServiceTestUtils.java:187:45:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-csi/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/csi/translator/ProtoTranslatorFactory.java:59:13:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-nativetask/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/nativetask/testutil/BytesFactory.java:34:27:[deprecation] UTF8 in org.apache.hadoop.io has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/examples/QuasiMonteCarlo.java:236:47:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/examples/QuasiMonteCarlo.java:293:55:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-examples/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/examples/QuasiMonteCarlo.java:319:35:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesOutput.java:30:31:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesWritableOutput.java:44:31:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:26:31:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:27:31:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:28:31:[deprecation] RecordOutput in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/StreamJob.java:46:44:[deprecation] DistributedCache in org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.filecache has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:29:31:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:24:31:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:25:31:[deprecation] Index in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:26:31:[deprecation] RecordInput in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/PipeMapRed.java:138:21:[unchecked] unchecked call to add(E) as a member of the raw type ArrayList
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesOutput.java:79:18:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesOutput.java:170:25:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesWritableOutput.java:135:28:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesWritableOutput.java:136:19:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesWritableOutput.java:211:26:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:33:47:[deprecation] RecordOutput in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:91:26:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:119:26:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordOutput.java:131:24:[deprecation] Record in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/StreamJob.java:801:27:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method setInputFormat in class JobConf is applied to given types
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/LoadTypedBytes.java:72:45:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/PipeMapper.java:104:28:[unchecked] unchecked call to writeKey(K) as a member of the raw type InputWriter
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:107:17:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:406:4:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:406:24:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:450:4:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:450:24:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:483:4:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesInput.java:483:24:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/PipeReducer.java:101:28:[unchecked] unchecked call to writeKey(K) as a member of the raw type InputWriter
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:90:9:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:92:15:[deprecation] Buffer in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:129:9:[deprecation] Index in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:134:9:[deprecation] Index in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/typedbytes/TypedBytesRecordInput.java:145:57:[deprecation] Index in org.apache.hadoop.record has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/JarBuilder.java:190:19:[unchecked] unchecked call to add(E) as a member of the raw type List
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestFileArgs.java:30:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:37:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:38:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreaming.java:192:10:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreaming.java:193:14:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestFileArgs.java:42:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestFileArgs.java:60:14:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/ValueCountReduce.java:50:16:[unchecked] unchecked call to collect(K,V) as a member of the raw type OutputCollector
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamDataProtocol.java:98:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:60:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:67:16:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:88:37:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:94:37:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:113:12:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestSymLink.java:114:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamReduceNone.java:92:12:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamReduceNone.java:93:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingBackground.java:74:20:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingBackground.java:75:22:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingSeparator.java:103:12:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingSeparator.java:104:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingKeyValue.java:103:12:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingKeyValue.java:104:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestLoadTypedBytes.java:69:35:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingExitStatus.java:79:20:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingExitStatus.java:80:22:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingStderr.java:83:20:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamingStderr.java:84:22:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleArchiveFiles.java:58:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleArchiveFiles.java:71:14:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamAggregate.java:84:12:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestStreamAggregate.java:85:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:68:4:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:76:16:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:95:37:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:101:37:[deprecation] MAPRED_TASK_JAVA_OPTS in JobConf has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:125:12:[deprecation] StreamJob(String[],boolean) in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-streaming/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/streaming/TestMultipleCachefiles.java:126:9:[deprecation] go() in StreamJob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-dynamometer/hadoop-dynamometer-workload/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/dynamometer/workloadgenerator/audit/AuditReplayThread.java:132:19:[unchecked] unchecked call to write(KEYOUT,VALUEOUT) as a member of the raw type TaskInputOutputContext
hadoop-tools/hadoop-archives/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/HadoopArchives.java:260:40:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-archives/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/HadoopArchives.java:485:13:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-archives/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/HadoopArchives.java:508:48:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-archive-logs/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/TestHadoopArchiveLogsRunner.java:72:33:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:463:62:[deprecation] counters in TaskFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:475:28:[deprecation] error in TaskFailed has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:545:69:[deprecation] counters in TaskAttemptFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:571:71:[deprecation] counters in ReduceAttemptFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:599:66:[deprecation] counters in MapAttemptFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:664:43:[deprecation] totalCounters in JobFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:666:53:[deprecation] mapCounters in JobFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobBuilder.java:668:53:[deprecation] reduceCounters in JobFinished has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTask.java:271:40:[deprecation] groups in JhCounters has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTask.java:272:36:[deprecation] counts in JhCounterGroup has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTask.java:274:51:[deprecation] name in JhCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTask.java:275:27:[deprecation] value in JhCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTaskAttempt.java:639:40:[deprecation] groups in JhCounters has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTaskAttempt.java:640:36:[deprecation] counts in JhCounterGroup has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTaskAttempt.java:642:51:[deprecation] name in JhCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/LoggedTaskAttempt.java:643:27:[deprecation] value in JhCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobHistoryUtils.java:160:42:[deprecation] groups in JhCounters has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobHistoryUtils.java:161:38:[deprecation] counts in JhCounterGroup has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobHistoryUtils.java:162:33:[deprecation] name in JhCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-rumen/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/rumen/JobHistoryUtils.java:162:58:[deprecation] value in JhCounter has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/GenerateData.java:163:26:[deprecation] humanReadableInt(long) in StringUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/Gridmix.java:318:39:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method addJobStatsListeners in class Statistics is applied to given types
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/ExecutionSummarizer.java:166:36:[deprecation] humanReadableInt(long) in StringUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/ExecutionSummarizer.java:230:31:[deprecation] humanReadableInt(long) in StringUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/GenerateDistCacheData.java:227:17:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/CompressionEmulationUtil.java:342:26:[deprecation] humanReadableInt(long) in StringUtils has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/DebugJobProducer.java:270:17:[deprecation] MapTaskAttemptInfo(State,TaskInfo,long) in MapTaskAttemptInfo has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/DebugJobProducer.java:278:17:[deprecation] ReduceTaskAttemptInfo(State,TaskInfo,long,long,long) in ReduceTaskAttemptInfo has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-gridmix/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/gridmix/TestRandomTextDataGenerator.java:77:25:[unchecked] unchecked call to HashSet(Collection<? extends E>) as a member of the raw type HashSet
hadoop-tools/hadoop-datajoin/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/contrib/utils/join/DataJoinMapperBase.java:107:18:[unchecked] unchecked call to collect(K,V) as a member of the raw type OutputCollector
hadoop-tools/hadoop-datajoin/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/contrib/utils/join/TestDataJoin.java:121:15:[deprecation] Writer(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class) in Writer has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/DistCh.java:205:24:[deprecation] write(DataOutput) in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/DistCh.java:243:36:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/DistCh.java:448:52:[deprecation] createWriter(FileSystem,Configuration,Path,Class,Class,CompressionType) in SequenceFile has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/tools/DistCh.java:491:34:[deprecation] Reader(FileSystem,Path,Configuration) in Reader has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/tools/TestGetGroups.java:23:31:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/tools/TestGetGroups.java:37:10:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-extras/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/tools/TestGetGroups.java:41:18:[deprecation] MiniMRCluster in org.apache.hadoop.mapred has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/snative/SwiftNativeFileSystemStore.java:574:21:[deprecation] isDir() in FileStatus has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/util/SwiftTestUtils.java:305:6:[deprecation] AssumptionViolatedException(Object,Matcher<?>) in AssumptionViolatedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/util/SwiftTestUtils.java:315:10:[deprecation] AssumptionViolatedException(String) in AssumptionViolatedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/util/SwiftTestUtils.java:324:10:[deprecation] AssumptionViolatedException(String) in AssumptionViolatedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/snative/SwiftNativeFileSystem.java:193:14:[deprecation] getDefaultBlockSize() in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/snative/SwiftNativeFileSystem.java:209:14:[deprecation] getBlockSize(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-openstack/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/swift/snative/SwiftNativeFileSystem.java:639:17:[deprecation] delete(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/auth/SignerManager.java:94:31:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/S3AFileSystem.java:712:20:[deprecation] doesBucketExist(String) in AmazonS3 has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/S3AFileSystem.java:1011:16:[deprecation] TransferManager(AmazonS3,ExecutorService) in TransferManager has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/S3AFileSystem.java:1012:13:[deprecation] setConfiguration(TransferManagerConfiguration) in TransferManager has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/impl/CopyFromLocalOperation.java:235:16:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method sort in interface List is applied to given types
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/S3ATestUtils.java:445:14:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/auth/delegation/ITestSessionDelegationInFileystem.java:272:44:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/TestSSEConfiguration.java:52:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/commit/staging/TestStagingPartitionedFileListing.java:161:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/yarn/ITestS3A.java:46:37:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/commit/magic/ITestMagicCommitProtocol.java:154:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/commit/terasort/ITestTerasortOnS3A.java:177:8:[deprecation] makeQualified(FileSystem) in Path has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/commit/staging/TestStagingCommitter.java:338:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/s3a/ITestS3AEncryptionSSEKMSDefaultKey.java:57:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/SecureStorageInterfaceImpl.java:516:46:[deprecation] getQualifiedUri() in CloudBlob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/PageBlobOutputStream.java:210:29:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/StorageInterfaceImpl.java:434:46:[deprecation] getQualifiedUri() in CloudBlob has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/security/TokenUtils.java:43:53:[unchecked] unchecked cast
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/integration/AzureTestUtils.java:93:12:[deprecation] AssumptionViolatedException(String) in AssumptionViolatedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/integration/AzureTestUtils.java:126:12:[deprecation] AssumptionViolatedException(String) in AssumptionViolatedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/AbstractWasbTestWithTimeout.java:46:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/AbstractAbfsTestWithTimeout.java:54:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/TestNativeAzureFileSystemAuthorization.java:105:57:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/extensions/ClassicDelegationTokenManager.java:121:11:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/ITestOutputStreamSemantics.java:289:28:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/ITestOutputStreamSemantics.java:386:28:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/TestAccountConfiguration.java:298:40:[unchecked] unchecked method invocation: method getAccountAgnosticClass in class AbfsConfiguration is applied to given types
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/ITestAbfsMsiTokenProvider.java:80:4:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/TestAbfsConfigurationFieldsValidation.java:103:77:[deprecation] UTF_8 in Charsets has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/ITestWasbRemoteCallHelper.java:81:57:[deprecation] none() in ExpectedException has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azure/ITestPageBlobInputStream.java:65:31:[deprecation] Timeout(int) in Timeout has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/ITestAzureBlobFileSystemFlush.java:337:28:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/ITestAzureBlobFileSystemFlush.java:352:28:[deprecation] HFLUSH in StreamCapabilities has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/azurebfs/ITestAzureBlobFileSystemFlush.java:403:8:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(String,T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-sls/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/yarn/sls/AMDefinitionSLS.java:41:38:[unchecked] unchecked conversion
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/adl/AdlPermission.java:49:17:[deprecation] getAclBit() in FsPermission has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/adl/AdlFileSystem.java:318:11:[deprecation] MsiTokenProvider(int) in MsiTokenProvider has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/adl/live/TestMetadata.java:75:30:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/adl/live/TestMetadata.java:94:30:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/adl/live/TestMetadata.java:107:24:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-azure-datalake/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/adl/live/TestMetadata.java:125:24:[deprecation] isFile(Path) in FileSystem has been deprecated
hadoop-tools/hadoop-fs2img/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/hdfs/server/namenode/NullBlockAliasMap.java:73:16:[unchecked] getWriter(Options,String) in NullBlockAliasMap overrides getWriter(Options,String) in BlockAliasMap
hadoop-cloud-storage-project/hadoop-huaweicloud/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/fs/obs/DefaultOBSClientFactory.java:344:63:[unchecked] unchecked call to getDeclaredConstructor(Class<?>...) as a member of the raw type Class
