hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/LoggingHttpResponseEncoder.java:90:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ShuffleHandler.java:304:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/main/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/ShuffleHandler.java:999:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1046:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1068:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1069:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1082:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1083:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1089:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1106:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1135:14:javac:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1135:14:javac:[deprecation] <T>assertThat(T,Matcher<? super T>) in Assert has been deprecated
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:134:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1434:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1475:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1480:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:166:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:178:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:186:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1920:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:194:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:1954:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:228:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:614:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:696:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:817:0:blanks:end of line
hadoop-mapreduce-project/hadoop-mapreduce-client/hadoop-mapreduce-client-shuffle/src/test/java/org/apache/hadoop/mapred/TestShuffleHandler.java:822:0:blanks:end of line
